Urlscanio score fix (#13921)
demisto/content: Packs/UrlScan/ReleaseNotes/1_1_9.md

#### Integrations
##### urlscan.io

> - Fixed un issue where should be Unknown and not Benign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the war room entry column *Vedrict* value should be *Unknown* instead of *Benign*.
```
